1. Fix the universal addressing system for the players, it's in many places, but similarly it's missing in a lot of places, eg: Opponent Briefing section pre-match. It should be avialalble in all palces
2. Add a universal addressing system for each tournament as well, it will replaces the current view entry, and in this place, the UI and information would be reworked, it will present the knockout tree alongside the winner of the competitions(For past events). This willserve as the homescreen for each comeptition. 
3. On the left side bar, remove the COMPETITIONS button, as the screen its' only used pre-match, the screen should be preserved, but now it should be in the live-match button before a live-match is played, careful that the COMPETITIONS is linked to many other things, notcieably the day advance, ensure all link refrence pointers are changed similarlly. 
4. On the left side bar, add a RANKINGS button, which will show current rankings from top to bottom of all players and points, with the current managed player highlighted. It should be look similar.
5. On the top bar, happy with the function we got atm, just that the day should be next to the advance day function, just like in football manager, and should be larger in font size as well, alongside with advance day compared to other information. similarly the managed player should be on the left hand side o the top bar, instead of the right hand side, it should be right directly to the logo
6. On a player's page, The Career should record the All Past W-L numbers, alongside add the W-L percentage for its complete history, and to include all champions, runner up the players have accumulated throughout the career. Under taht, include a the player's Top 10 game played against other palyers,  with times played and win %. 
7. On the Calendar page, create a next subtab next to UPCOMING and Past EVENTS called Calendar view, which will present all the commitments(games for now) that the player have or will play, just like a IRL calender, similarlly in football maanger style, it should be composed of bolded text: Competition Name: ROUND (Harbor Open: Semi-Final) \n Backhand Mirage, like such. And for games with no oponent decided yet, just put TBD as player, for past events in the calneder, should include (W) or (L)

